Hello grandma
Junior year, you know
Why is grandma here these days?
know
Grandma, aren't I getting engaged tomorrow?
Now that you know you're getting engaged tomorrow
Why did you bring the other Muses to live there?
Talk like this
Because Mr. Fan is busy
So he sent me to assist his grandmother
Ouch, you don't know
There's been a lot going on in the company recently.
I just can't help it.
Cheng He Style
You are not young anymore
You are getting engaged tomorrow
You brought other women in today?
If you let others know
How do people see you?
How can you be worthy of our fan?
The name accumulated over the years
How can you be worthy of your father and mother?
Sorry grandma
I was wrong hahaha
Ouch, why are you still crying?
Oh you
When you were a child
Your parents sent you to live outside
Actually
Just to let you know the vicissitudes of this world
Let's talk about it.
Although a little wrong
But this parent loves his son deeply
Don't blame them.
Grandma also knows
You've been alone all these years
I also hope that someone can come to accompany you
So, this teacher and disciple don't care
Otherwise
How could I agree to your engagement with Aunt Chu Chu?